as pathetic as it is to see characters
like varies on screen now with no story
to tell no plot to pursue just just
really nothing to do but stand around
and make one-liners and weedy aimless
observations in a soundstage it's even
more pathetic to come on YouTube and see
the people who are at the intellectual
deep end of the game of Thrones A Song
of Ice and Fire
commentary demi-monde see the people at
the intellectual deep end trying to
spark trying to muster up something
meaningful and insightful to say in
response to that aimless pointless
poorly written script now I remember
these same channels I remember these
same dudes in a few cases these same
ladies seven eight years ago whatever
its pintail guess it's been more cuz
that a long gap between these seasons I
remember so you guys years ago and when
you came on and did like explaining
episode 4.2 when I was your video there
was actually something to explain there
were actually things like insinuated in
the text that the audience might not
catch or might not have understood like
you might not have understood it if you
hadn't read the books and in some cases
even if you had read the books like
several years ago like oh you don't
realize like at this point there's a bit
of an awkward silence but this is why Oh
at this point they were alluding back to
this other war that happened before and
yes yes let's keep it all the way real
some of what needed to be explained in
earlier seasons was just the product of
poor filmmaking the Battle of the fist
of the first men it's like an example of
collective hypnosis we've all convinced
ourselves that they actually showed that
paddle in the TV show but you never
really saw the battle you sort of there
was some misdirection so I can't
remember that I can remember myself
going and look in there like what well
what they were in the snow and then this
and then they show a guy in a horse and
then they cut to something else like oh
yeah yeah that was the
if it's the first and it was it was too
expensive or too difficult to film you
know so sure but in the past there were
actually things to explain there were
characters with complex intentions and
agendas to explain and now there is
nothing to explain and I see people
trying to come up with 20 minute video
some of them are to our videos where all
you're doing is reiterating the text and
the text is really thin and there there
is no subtext I mean you know give you
an example I think this is season one
maybe mr. Owen this is could have been
season two or season three but early in
the show Voorhies takes Tyrion Lannister
aside and shows him a corpse nailed away
in a coffin and the corpse actually
horrific alee magically seems to be
still moving and alive right and
Voorhies tells this strange and complex
story but how he was involved with black
magic and he was a young actor and this
man purchased him as a slave right and
there were various things that are
evocative and interesting about this it
connects the issues about slavery and
liberation it connects to the politics
of King's Landing at that time but most
fundamentally of all we don't know if
this is true if it were true what is
motivating baris to disclose this to
Tyrion like in a sense if everything
he's saying is true then it's bad
writing from to be telling Tyrion
because it's just meeting up with Tyrion
someone who's basically as enemy at many
many points in the book Tyrion threatens
to murder
baris and you know even in the TV show
he lies to Vargas and manipulates
Ferraris and uses threats tavares and so
on he is a difficult rocky and dangerous
relationship with Tyrion in a very
difficult dangerous political situation
why would he just invite your hate hey
tyrion can you uh can you come into this
cellar with me and i'm gonna tell you
like the greatest secret of my life and
something about my psychology and
something that links me to black magic
and something about my origin and where
I come from in Essos in think what what
motivates the scene what does he have to
gain
and even still how does it change
Tyrians plotline where is it going when
doesn't this now this may be one of
those plot threads that in the books
that george RR martin never gets back to
george RR martin is not vegan there's
like a big ticking clock until he hits
his next heart attack we all know what's
coming the last film footage of so he's
lost weight he's actually lost tilted
weights some so we're hoping he's
getting on a slightly other diet like
George you know all is impermanent so
there's some plot threads that he may
never get back to you just due to lack
of time on this planet but there's some
you may never get back to because it's a
sloppily written largely improvised
inspirational and inspiring work of
literature but it's it's not that
tightly written guys people who have
green eyes in one scene have blue eyes
in another scene there's the female
character who has narrow hips in one
scene and that's why hips another thing
it is what it is it's not written that
tightly there's no reason to assume
we're ever gonna get a resolution even
the something is obvious as whose dagger
was this the question the catspaw
mystery he thinks he sealed it up but
it's it's really not sealed other
realities my sense there are a lot of
things we should get out the graph paper
and shirt what happened in white even in
the books it'll never be sealed up but
here's my point
there was a time when you could watch
that show and there's this intriguing
mysterious and highly motivated set of
dialogues between Tyrion Lannister and
Voorhies other characters to of course
anything what's what's propelling these
characters for where are they going why
are they doing this well you know again
is he telling the truth or is he lying
looking back at this episode eight point
two season eight episode two did did
anyone lie in the whole episode is there
even the possibility that anyone would
lie in like is it something you can
reflect on and be like wow you know I
wonder if when this character that
character was just standing there doing
psychological striptease just standing
there bearing their emotions
well there were a wonder you know I
wonder if they were trying to manipulate
the other person is something there's no
longer any scope for any kind of
politically motivated or even personally
motivated manipulation that would
justify doing a podcast or doing a
YouTube video in a very real sense the
writing is now so bad that I feel there
is nothing to say so this is not just
complaining about my own creative
exhaustion as a viewer who who decided
to come on and come on and make youtube
videos in terms of the aesthetics of the
show because of course some people who
just want you know they say no I'm sorry
nice to say don't say anything at all
some people who want to have some nice
to say they were treat to talking about
the aesthetics and the spectable part of
me yes that accent spectacle but for me
this only redoubles the nature of the
failure throughout the show you have
people standing in a large room with a
crowd of witnesses communicating across
the room in a whisper speaking at a
lower vote on voice that I'm speaking at
lower volume that's behind hell and
their voice just clears across the room
with no problem and nobody comments they
say something that's a rageous or
provocative and all the people in the
cresting remained dead silent
nobody sneers or laughs when the
Kingslayer talks about keeping a nobody
challenges that in season one two three
or four there would have been noise from
the crowd there would have been the
dynamic sense that this is a feudal
society with you know many many people
with many motivations going in many
directions there would have been there
would have been someone like
Littlefinger there with some agenda
trying to twist the court case try to
test twist the trial you know one way or
another and there would have just been
the skepticism and you know mystery and
intrigue and doubt and there would have
been so I'm talking about you know what
I mean mmm I don't think I'm giving too
much credit George I think there would
have been selling meaningful there to
something meaningful whether about
slavery or feudalism or politics or the
nature of hierarchy or being a servant
on your life you know we got it sorry
just today walking to the grocery store
I was thinking of all these ways I could
have made that scene more meaningful
even if I was stuck within the structure
of scene by seeing what happened in this
episode all these way
in which I could have made the structure
of the scenes with John snow but we're
working within the same structure even
or if you can go outside the structure
do all kinds of so there's another
YouTube channel called the dragon
demands he likes to complain in a
somewhat overwrought manner about bad
writing on the show I think we should
just briefly recognize what it is we
mean by good writing today in 2019 the
preeminent most influential source text
for what is good writing is a book
called save the cat a guided
screenwriting so I didn't have the
author's name save the cat by Blake
Snyder this book has been so influential
that many people criticize movies now
I'm serious film criticism by pointing
out the ways in which it's following the
formula in the book now I remember slant
I said years and years ago Americans the
Sun unique to American culture what
Americans like to see is ordinary people
doing extraordinary things and
extraordinary people doing ordinary
things so to give an example it's
intriguing if you see Superman
struggling with his relationship with
his girlfriend
you see Superman coming down from the
heavens literally and figuratively and
having to walk into a shop and buy
tampons for his girlfriend and he's
confused with sorry I'm supposed to do
these have wings I want you know that's
interesting that's why because it's
Superman right if it's if it's just some
guys others that's an extraordinary
person doing an ordinary thing
struggling with an ordinary problem and
the American audience in America culture
immediately sympathized with immediately
where it relates to an ordinary person
thrust into a situation of extraordinary
responsibilities Jordan Airy challenge
so you get a sense of someone's
ordinariness that they're just another
peasant you know when came to Thrones
contests there Justin did the guy
working behind the counter when Superman
comes in but the they've ended up you
know being in charge of something
something terrifying something with
tremendous consequences and tremendous
difficulty save the cat you know he
talks you through as a screenwriter how
to give a sense of someone's capability
someone's confidence to me in this
episode so
times were told that tyrion lanister is
brilliant show don't tell when have we
seen Tyrion doing something brilliant
was it was it six years ago now was it
because one sees it's one year it's been
incredible in time so we saw Tyrion do
anything inspiring let alone we even
since he said something witty something
you know whittier charming or insightful
is has been a while but you know there
would have been so many ways to
structure even this episode around
showing Tyrion Lannister whether you
show him as ordinary or extraordinary
Lannister rising to the extraordinary
challenge of he's a dwarf
he's despised he's despised because
everyone in the north hates hosts
Lannister they've just been at war this
alone stir for years and he's got to
walk around in the mud and give people
orders that will save their lives and
say no dig the trench here whatever it
is I mean I'd like it if used if he was
doing something really brilliant this is
incredible he's right
Tyrion Lannister could be saying they're
saying hey guys if there's one thing I
know it's wildfire there's one thing I
know it's how to set up a trap with fire
to burn the enemy this enemy is uniquely
vulnerable to fire if this is my
background at that in King's Landing I
was in there and then his challenge is
getting people to listen to him right
and there's none of that here everyone
everyone stances cyclists even though we
have one scene indicating that that
Tyrion and Jamie are not respected he's
so easy to Reza that Jon Snow has come
back from abroad he's come back from
meeting his new queen and possibly his
new bride all he does is stand around
like a like a model in a soundstage he
just stands around with blank
expressions on his face we don't get to
see him doing anything showing either
extraordinary ability showing his
capability showing that he's a he's a
hero for the audience to look up to nor
do we see him struggling for the
position of being an ordinary guy hey he
was a teenager his boss got killed on
the job to a bizarre circumstance he got
elected leader of the Nights Watch he
was terrible at it he was killed on the
job somehow he kept failing upward he
kept failing and getting promoted and
now he's king of half the continent he
doesn't have any kind of training or
education for this couldn't we see him
but yeah either would be good if we saw
him struggling with with taking that
responsibility that would be great on
the other hand if you saw him just being
amazing at it just wow I guess I'm a
natural oh gee maybe it's maybe it's
because Rhaegar Thoren was my father
would have if we saw him doing anything
extraordinary and and there's none of
that so again I mean these kinds of
basic questions of eliciting the the
audience's interest their sympathy
showing the capability or heroic Ness of
the characters of showing you know a
character like Jon Snow at no point in
these first two episodes do we see him
caring about people who are starving or
people who've lost their homes or even
the umbers of the umber clan they've
lost their lives and they've lost their
homes and whatever you know maybe there
are a few that would be again so easy to
write there'd be a few refugees who show
up and you show him really caring okay
this makes him heroic this makes him
interesting get this this is exactly the
stuff that's in the screenwriting manual
save the cat it's not genius it's not
brilliant it's the level of competence
we now take for granted and how
Hollywood scripts are created how TV
shows are graded and I think there is an
inevitable tenants in the arts to want
to rebel against that so to wrap this up
we'll say I actually disagreed with this
other YouTube channel the dragon demands
I disagreed with him on the Battle of
the bastards
episode so that was one season ago it's
a big battle and it made no sense and
when oh and of course he is factually
correct he has pointed out the whole
chronology of how they started with a
certain script and there were very
irresponsible decisions made by the
production by the the showrunners as
they call very responsible decisions
made and that forced them into a corner
where if there were any delay in
shooting at all they couldn't complete
the script and what do you know it
rained it rained sometimes and so at the
last minute in the editing room they had
to take a bunch of scenes that didn't
make any sense and cope with missing
scenes and missing chunks of the script
and in effect come up with a new script
after the 11th hour and it was a mess
but you know what if you watch that
episode as it
today and you compare it to the kind of
morally symmetrical plot and carefully
planned script that was there you know I
think actually the way that episode
turned out is more meaningful precisely
because it defies those conventions
don't know I understand it's a product
of chaos but what you ended up with in
this bizarre meaningless battle in the
Battle of the bastards you just see
bodies writhing in the mud and nobody
knows who's going on which direction and
everyone suffers and then it's all for
nothing
because another army shows up and that
that also makes no sense it's very
poorly written wrong but it's like well
here is actually an artistic statement
about war that war doesn't work like a
well-written movie plot that war you
know people we only see again in terms
of making John a sympathetic ear to her
hero you only see John failing and
failing and failing he makes the wrong
decision at every single step up to the
battle he survives the battle
he's a very good swordsman but terrible
leader a terrible king every stage
leading up to the battle and he wins
anyway he makes all the wrong decisions
and they're outnumbered and there's just
mud and meaning in that and that's it
and there it's not susceptible to
analysis so that's one case where I have
to have to disagree that the the sheer
sloppiness of the Kapus production ended
up making a kind of interesting
eccentric and challenging antidote to
the formula of standard Hollywood
filming but you know you have to you
have to really understand the art form
to transcend the boundaries of the art
form and what we're seeing here in
season 8 and the vast majority of
episodes for years and years and years
now is not a group of confident
screenwriters or competent filmmakers
transcending the conventions the art
form they're people who have not
mastered the convention of the art form
they're people struggling with the
basics of storytelling and that that's
all we've got
we've mean I said in the video
immediately before this it's almost as
if there was a really great writer who
gave them a series of
books to adapt and then they just were
books to adapt but it's even more
bizarre to say that like they had no
more books that had no more script and
now they're filling screen time by just
having characters stand in silence and
just stick to each other's eyes Game of
Thrones Season eight it really is that
bad I really like the part in that video
that you just recorded where you were
actually providing real examples of how
the writing could be better yeah I think
it's easy to say all is so poorly
written I could write a better scene
when you actually provide examples I'm
like oh yeah that's that's true that
would have made it more meaningful and I
just want to say at the end there you
said that the screenwriters seem to be
relying on staring into each other's
eyes like I really do feel that maybe
it's a symptom of long-running TV shows
that the last season seems to always be
like really reliant on emotion like the
the viewers suppose it attachment to all
of these characters it's especially
literally nostalgia for earlier seasons
where they actually mention they're
actually shouting out events to oh
remember when this happened in season
two yeah exactly and you know I was just
thinking of the one scene that the
stairs with this episode seem to just
draw out for so long when Breo
yeah Brienne was being knighted this was
really drawn out and dramatic and you
said there were things that if anybody
actually cares about the show they
didn't name all of the seven you know
they say seven gods like why did you cut
that out like why not do all of that and
cut out a little bit of the you know
what's staring into each other's eyes
supposedly meaningfully but yeah and
like you know all the gathering around
the fireplace of the difference that
different characters that we've seen
throughout the season it really just
seems to be relying on the nostalgia
emotional attachment to these characters
so
I don't know like what do you what do
you think about this what do you think
about how to end a show like this look
this was a show where we're magic once
mattered why does John Snow never show
us any sign or symptom that he's a
Targaryen that by blood he's linked to
the Dragons you know to be so easy to
write send me well and then you beat her
so you could have that before he's
confronted by Sam or you could have it
after that Sam tells him this and then
you know Jon Snow says to Daenerys you
know before your dragons hatched did you
have dreams about them did you have
dreams both him the egg and she's
shocked just you know yes
yeah why and he says because I've been
having those same dreams said you know
let me let me show you something I keep
having dreams that there's a dragon egg
here and they go down into the into the
pits beneath wonderful into the crypts
and he digs through the dirt he moves a
stone and he reveals a dragon egg he
says it was coming to me at my dreams so
there was a dragon anak buried in there
you know and he picks it up and they and
they relate you and they know whether
it's again whether he's confronted
whether or not and like that that they
both have some kind of connection of the
dragon so code you know you didn't know
and again it's show don't tell you don't
have to necessary you don't gonna pack
any of it it doesn't he doesn't he
doesn't even have to tell her oh you
know I figured out that my ancestry by
blood have some connection to the
dragons under the Turin Arizona you know
you could have a whole sequence of
things you could have built it up over
several seasons because all we've been
shown about him in his appearance in the
magic he has his connection to the
wolves and everything everything
connects him to everything connects him
to how stark that he's the blood of host
star which I guess he partly as violin I
get it from my mother
but you know so so what I mean you could
know if you wanted to do it in a non
supernatural way you could have it in
terms of his political characteristics
or even like you know he's naturally a
great musician you know he's like oh you
know no one in House Stark plays music
but always from I was great at playing
in you know okay I get it from regards
hearing he doesn't have the hair or the
eyes of record nothing about him
his library so couldn't there be
something couldn't there be something no
again I think the the connection of the
Dragons is probably more compelling for
the audience then he picks up a picks of
a piano and knows how to play them keys
you know oh that was Ray gars piano
that's that's not a synthetically
compelling but no I mean you know and
again yeah in the TV show what does it
mean to be a Targaryen because and in
this in this in the same episode episode
should be a meaningful answer that
question there isn't there should be
right in this in this episode episode 2
there was a scene with Sansa and yeah
Daenerys and they were you know having a
heart-to-heart about about Daenerys
becoming the new queen because she fell
in love you know who's who was tricking
who into you know going to Winterfell
you know she's Daenerys says that John
is manipulating her as opposed to you
know she's manipulating John and she
says this says what's supposed to be I
think
meaningful in the context that you know
women are good leaders like you know you
could be a good leader like me like I'm
I'm a good female leader and we haven't
really seen Daenerys being a good female
leader and if if if we have it wasn't
for a long time you know like I think
all the female leaders Daenerys and
Cersei and Sansa the main way they
demonstrate their leadership is through
costuming they let the costume to prove
it to the equity I'm standing here
dressed like Darth Vader their form a
great leader therefore she doesn't look
anything now like you know the the
beautiful most beautiful woman in the
world is supposed to be what Cersei is
description all right I'm not like
faulting the actress of course the
actress is beautiful it's just like the
way that the doesn't really follow with
what you know House Lannister is
supposed to be House Targaryen is
supposed to be and the books the books
also I think to our attention that
Hoddy of choosing your leaders based on
who's good-looking and who was who has
the right bloodline I mean cuz Cersei
Lannister is a terrible ruler but so in
a different way at this point in the
book so is Daenerys Daenerys is not a
not a good ruler either you just seem to
be relying on like the audience expect
like expecting the audience to care
about these characters yes I shows
brother forgetting is he on yeah so
Theon shows up and it's you know there's
this sentimental reunion of Sansa and
you know like no I just think it could
have been mmm more meaningful if she
would have been like hey why did you
burn you know like like confront him
about this rather than having this teary
cuz I don't think she's seen dionan Wow
yeah right yeah how did Winterfell get
rebuilt by the way I mean sorry I don't
know like I agree with you like there
are things like yours
yeah the continuity errors are not so
much of the problem when when you're
doing a TV show it can't be perfect you
know but um you know okay let me give
you a pillow what if okay the key in a
perfect world the continent the
continuity errors would matter it would
matter that Sam managed to walk there
from Old Town in less time than it took
the zombies to walk from the wall to
Winterfell and then the same amount of
time it took all these other people to
arrive from all over the world and like
the sea voyages back from from Essos -
all right sir she's been pregnant for
four months right that's right so right
she's been pregnant for at least as long
as it took her brother to walk to
Winterfell and for a boat to go from
King's Landing to Essos and back and
there are a lot of holes but so in a
perfect world there would be no such
plot holes however what if they were
abandoning the book and producing a show
full of plot holes because they were
really profoundly sincerely thematically
interested in just focusing on war on
the morality of war that could be a
great show and we
all be making sure we don't be willing
to overlook the bug well you know what
it's really sloppy right hang there's
really no way to put on but you know
what these guys show a real passion for
dealing with war and its consequence
what if okay
instead what if they're all these plot
holes but you could tell the are the
author's really wanted to deal with the
Upstairs Downstairs the economy their
relation between masters and servants
you know the fact that there are these
people and Jon Snow's life and Daenerys
is life who have been with them
supporting them and they don't really
get nothing for it the peasants and
servants that's the relationship between
aristocrats
that could be a fantastic drama you know
back in season 1 season 2
Daenerys hand recognizably some of the
same servants around her all the time
you know gqe and so on the you know her
blood riders and so on who ceased to be
referred to and have ceased to be seen
you know and no no you know this is this
is what you're expected to your whole
life with no reward and you you know no
advancement and possibly no pay and so
on okay so what about that relationship
you could have a show that's really
meaningful and moving and has a kind of
political content social commentators
because that you know I wouldn't be
interested they could in theory do a
show that was entirely focused on the
romantic element that really nailed that
where the the romance element was really
great I think you meant you can't
compare them just like perfect I don't
think there's one romance on the show
today season 7 season 8 that is as well
realized as the romance between Superman
and Lois Lane in the original Superman
movie which i think is 1978-1979 you
know i guess it's not not a master you
know they're incredible zoom whether
they can whether it's something socials
like political you know it could be
something political with the capital
letter P could be talking about you know
it could be something political in that
small personal scale of hey you know
you're the guy who grows the corn and me
because I'm born with this last name you
know I eat the corn oh and yeah this you
know it could be some of that and it
could be the romance there could be
something the writers are focused on and
passionate about and what that's what
they're delivering and then we might be
inclined to overlook all all these holes
but there's nothing there's just nothing
it just feels like such a meandering
directionless poorly written you know
cash grab I don't have other words for
it you know yeah I was just gonna say
reflecting upon it the only romance that
seems to be I don't know having the
semblance of like genuine genuine
romances between grey worm and Sunday
yeah yeah even that in that scene like
we got we got her saying like oh I wish
I could go to Knauth like the view were
supposed to remember you know in some
ways the the show seems to be trying to
appeal to like a mass audience but then
there be like no sometimes have these
callbacks to two very particular moments
not in the book or or in the series but
look I I you know Pete people ie the
other critics especially the critics
here on YouTube they're praising this
episode by saying an examination of kind
of fear and terror when you know waiting
for sound I don't I don't think there
was any examination of that and that's
that's a pretty well worn you know
library yeah pretty well worn you know
shelf of the library you know especially
with something like World War one
waiting in the trenches and the horror
of you know waiting and waiting for the
death to come and war or something there
have been a lot of kind of masterpieces
of film and book whatever and this this
is not one of them um I also don't feel
sorry mentioning romance is is Breann
supposed to be in love with Jaime
Lannister if so it's not well written or
well realized you know you could make a
whole list of all the different pairings
of people Jojo you know I mean there
were other things that would have been
easy to easy to cash in on I mean you
know and again there isn't even any
comedy in in the show anymore
you know but you know if you wanted if
you wanted to give VAR EES something to
do you know or any of those other
characters to you know you could
discover that the red woman is hiding
within Winterfell she's wearing an
assumed identity or something and they
they track her t she's there for good
reason she's there cuz she wants to help
Jon Snow Jon Snow sent her away you know
you could have a little subplot that
there's so many things that easily could
be written in that would make it
actually you know interesting but again
all that stuff sorry I didn't even
suggest this you could take the religion
seriously nobody cares that Jon Snow
died and came back from the dead you can
easily write a whole show where people
are really seriously interested in and
find it compelling that you know like
like I eat the people within the show
find it compelling and the writers find
it compelling
like hey it transforms the way peasants
regard this man that he died and came
back from the dead or where people are
really sincerely struggling with hey we
used to have this religion where we
worship the trees and then this new
religion arrived the religion of the god
of fire and they started performing
miracles and they brought Jon Snow back
from the dead now that's transforming
the kind of psychological emotional and
religious and cultural background those
are those are big interesting themes you
know and the the Ironborn have their own
gods and their own beliefs
there's a lot of material there that
could be really compelling and that then
we might be inclined to say well the
fact that the plot really doesn't make
sense and that you know the amount of
time that passes between events is
completely ridiculous and so on well we
can overlook that because at least
there's some really meaningful
reflection on this this religious world
building it was built up over additional
time but today that there are no excuses
to be made for that there's just there's
nothing in the other side of the balance
there's nothing in the other side of the
scale when we were watching the most
recent episode you said that the
red-haired character I think is named is
tormund yes yeah yeah you said that in
the book he was known for japes actually
funny yeah and you actually could have
like had the director instructing him to
to say his lines in a funny way you know
about you know to about drinking the
milk of a giant yeah and you know it
could have just been a joke but like it
just loved people like what
awkward silence and you know The Onion
Knight is like oh I guess I'll have that
drink you know just really you know all
these people are together in one room oh
my god that's great there's there's
comedy but there's also tragedy with
those same characters you know so both
what we're gonna comment on torment and
on the man who's missing a few fingers
Davos so you know there's a dialogue
these are all very brief in the books
the books are so long but a lot of these
scenes are really brave where John and
torment have this dialogue in which
torment makes a lot of jokes and they're
funny and they're genuinely humorous and
tormund makes some some joke I think he
makes joke both Assizes penis or
something and then and john stole a
still torment you haven't changed at all
like you've been some relative long time
so what you haven't you know and torment
he immediately becomes very choked up
with emotion he says yet I have said no
you're wrong I've changed and he says
you know my son died you know just the
other day and a few weeks ago you know
my other son died you know in the war
and circumstance through the war I think
one of his kids became a white Walker
became a zombie he had to kill him
himself he had to put him down you know
and you know I was like no no John like
I've changed like I'm really scarred
Davos the fellow is missing some fingers
you know Davos has various complex
things about his character including his
his commitment to religion in the books
but I think three of his sons have died
more he had to get a lot of kids he's he
has a wife and a large number of kids
and several of them have already died in
the plot and we in this show now he has
nothing to do we had no motivation it's
going nowhere and there's but but I mean
there's stuff that's meaningful in that
and even if you wanted to have a romance
between him and Masson day which I'm for
in principle it should have that weight
which would be like hey this is a man
you had eight kids or something and
three or four of them are already dead
and he doesn't think he's ever gonna see
his wife again and he wants you and he
knows you already got a man and your man
ain't got no dick and he's got a dick
and he's here to come that could be that
could be a compelling storyline you know
Davos steps
and sadducees like twenty-eight-year-old
Masson day so if she's a fully room in
the books Masson day is a totally
different character but on the TV show
she's a fully grown woman and you know
okay like that's you know that could be
but you'd have to have that agony and
that vulnerability and that suffering
behind it you have to you have to put
the pieces together and again I say this
you think off camera last time
what if Cersei Lannister was responding
to being seduced by this pirate captain
with some real vulnerability what if she
was saying to him don't leave me
everyone's left me my father is dead my
twin brother abandoned me everyone I
loved and relied on has gone my own son
committed suicide which has never been
mentioned in one line of dialogue my son
threw himself at the window everyone
else I cared about was killed in a
terrorist bombing that she herself
devised whether she admits that like you
know the city I knew is gone the family
I loved is gone all three of my children
have been murdered
you know don't leave me and even if
we're even if she doesn't love him
because sometimes a woman is not in love
but she wants a man to be there for her
and be strong for her you could have a
really compelling really vulnerable
Cersei
you know this is this is stuff writers
come up with around a table well what if
she was one and then the opposite
extreme sorry just to give a gloss on
the same screen the same possibility and
again guys I'm not a professional writer
I'm just better than these writers it's
thinking this the sort of thing you talk
about at a table reading or at a
writer's meeting you know where this
work should be at a workshop stage not
the same stage
okay what about at the opposite extreme
what if she responds to this and she's
completely cold
she doesn't care like she's broken she's
past it like what if you know she takes
this Pirate King decides it's okay you
want to sleep with me okay guess what
this is here sleeping with I buried
three of my own children this year I
don't give a [ __ ] I feel nothing you
know and you know what you know my own
brother
just my twin brother just stabbed me in
the back and went to join the other side
in this war and I feel nothing so you
know what you want you want to have sex
with me I'm gonna feel nothing
nothing to me and when this is over you
know I can kill you too like you could
take her to that extreme instead where
instead of vulnerability there's a total
lack of vulnerability and show her as
someone who's powerful but
pathologically powerful and you know and
then build that up and then show her and
show how she moves and she's gonna have
some other people around her then you
know then you've got to have some
minions and peons she's moving around
when she's not just standing there alone
but she's got people who respond to that
energy and where she's directing was it
you know show her really make her
powerful and where she's like okay okay
little man okay little pirate you want
to come off your boat and come sleep
with me well guess what you know guess
guess what kind of monster you're
sleeping with that works too so you know
again I could keep going you come with
like six different possibilities that
are powerful and that also advance the
plot and that also give consequences to
earlier events so sort of one thing
leads to another but you know I said to
you just while we were watching it oh
yeah remember when the Hound so
different character Sandor Clegane
remember when he had a religious
experience and it changed his character
that happened at least twice there were
two different significant religious
experiences he had his life saved by the
faith of the seven and then he had his
life transformed by the fire God and so
on like okay he was supposed to go
through some kind of transformation and
here he is the the same character or
worse it's a worse written shallower
version of who he wasn't season one he
doesn't even look impressive anymore
looking he's just sitting there getting
drunk against the wall in season one he
we saw him standing in full armor and
the whole crowd was off regarded him as
awesome his first sword fights in front
of a crowd back in season one probably
don't know it's a long time we fought
against the mountain and at a Joe stand
the whole crowd was was impressed you
know he just looked amazing in armor and
he was this amazing when he walks around
Katzman nobody's impressed to see him
nobody says wow there's how do you know
he was the greatest he was or is the
greatest swordsman in the whole country
like he's this great he just looks like
another drunken hobo hanging on the wall
and there's but one is there's no there
were no consequences hey this is the guy
who won the the greatest tournament at
King's Landing a couple of years ago
this is this guy who stands six foot six
in armor and it's just this amazing you
know but he's this this guy who's fought
so many battles and everyone finds
that that shallow but still by doing
that you show there are consequences to
earlier events and you know that matters
that gives that gives everything weight
as opposed to you know weightlessness
namelessness direction this but then
also you know again just like I said
about torment where torment says to John
no John I have changed you know you've
got to see that he's changed when he
meets when he meets a little girl when
he meets Aria he should be sick he
should be saying to her the Aria I've
changed like it's changed me like Aria
you know you should know like you know
and whatever terms he put it in you know
Steffes it's just awful the rating is
abysmal but like you know remember we
took all this time to show him meeting
this family with aria and then he comes
back later when he sees them as corpses
they've starved to death and Nicole
they're frozen to death they're the
corpse in the house and he tries to give
them a funeral when he says you know you
deserve better than this and so on so
this was his big transformation right
he's just he's just another hobo I know
that's that's what all that's what all
the Cara's out there the whole script
and all the characters in it are
listless and aimless it's it is it is
objectively better you know we were just
saying about Davos Davos the chapters in
the Game of Thrones series those are
probably my favorite chapters his
character isn't done justice on the TV
show never had one word of motivation
for him after Stannis dies why does he
follow Jon Snow and again so again just
like I said with Cersei you could take
it to one extreme you could take it to
another you know what if Davos his
attitude was I don't care I've got to
serve somebody Stannis died well okay
that's it game over for Stannis but now
I'm committing everything I've got to
just because that's the kind of guy I am
I just serve whoever's the king that
would be again a kind of chilling and
weird and there's okay so wasn't about a
personal relationship for you but
between you and Stannis you just believe
in the authority of command and that's
it you know it's so you back jonstone
know again that doesn't really work with
the plot as they've written but that
would be one kind of character then you
have the opposite
where it really is for him based on a
personal assessment of that he thinks
John Snow has some quality where you
know after John Stone was assassinated
that he still believes in this corpse
and what it makes no sense you know that
it's a religion we know he doesn't
believe in that he believes in this
religion bringing this guy back from the
dead and why why do you want this guy in
charge or anyone else you know like
where something has to be worked out or
something or whatever something gets
reflected on or again there are like six
possibilities or maybe the only thing he
says is the only chance I've got to ever
getting back to my family and seeing my
children again is this so maybe John's
stones a terrible person but the hell
with it but I mean you've got to have
high stakes you gotta have commitment
you gotta have character is telling you
who they are and how they feel for a
reason not standing around listless on a
soundstage unpacking their feelings for
no reason you know but we're you know
I'm gonna get that that that it's
suspicious when Voorhies does that in
season one like well why why are you
telling me this you know you gotta have
a reason you know for for telling people
these things and then hopefully there's
some kind of meaningful insight whether
it's political or sociological when they
say those things okay guys that's a wrap
Wood 3 my expectations are sub-zero
[Music]